local-cli/rnpm/windows/README.md, before:

# RNPM Plugin for Universal Windows

To bootstrap the creation of Windows projects for React Native, we've published `rnpm-plugin-windows`. The purpose of this plugin is to provide project init functionality comparable to `react-native init` and `react-native android`, and to allow users to build and run React Windows applications from the command line.

## Project Initialization

To start, make sure you have RNPM installed globally.

```
npm install -g rnpm
```

Once RNPM is installed, install the Windows plugin for RNPM and initialize your project.

```
npm install --save-dev rnpm-plugin-windows
rnpm windows
```

The `windows` command will do the following:
- Install `react-native-windows` from [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-windows)
- Read the name of your project from `package.json`  
- Use [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) to generate the Windows project files.

### Usage

```
rnpm windows [name] [--namespace <namespace>] [--windowsVersion <version>]
```

The RNPM `windows` command takes an optional command line argument.
- `name` - The name of the project, which will be used for both file names and the name of the component that is registered in the React Native [AppRegistry](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/appregistry.html). Default value is the name given in the root-level `package.json`.

The RNPM `windows` command accepts two optional flags.
- `--namepace` - The namespace that will be used in the generated native C# code. Default value is `name`.
- `--windowsVersion` - The version of `react-native-windows` that will be used. Default value is matches the major and minor version of `react-native` if installed, otherwise the latest version.

## Running React Windows Applications

Coming soon.

Commit message:

fix(CLI): changes to work with react-native-cli extensions.
RNPM has been merged into react-native and is now the primary architecture for the react-native CLI. As such, we finally have support for things like `react-native windows` and `react-native run-windows`. These changes update the declarative syntax for RNPM plugins to match what is required for integration with react-native-cli.

local-cli/rnpm/windows/README.md, after:

# RNPM Plugin for Universal Windows

To bootstrap the creation of Windows projects for React Native, we've published `rnpm-plugin-windows`. The purpose of this plugin is to provide project init functionality comparable to `react-native init` and `react-native android`, and to allow users to build and run React Windows applications from the command line.

## Project Initialization

To start, make sure you have the react-native CLI installed globally.

```
npm install -g react-native-cli
```

Once the CLI is installed, install rnpm-plugin-windows and initialize your project.

```
npm install --save-dev rnpm-plugin-windows
react-native windows
```

The `windows` command will do the following:
- Install `react-native-windows` from [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-windows)
- Read the name of your project from `package.json`  
- Use [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) to generate the Windows project files.

### Usage

```
react-native windows [name] [--namespace <namespace>] [--windowsVersion <version>]
```

The `windows` command takes an optional command line argument.
- `name` - The name of the project, which will be used for both file names and the name of the component that is registered in the React Native [AppRegistry](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/appregistry.html). Default value is the name given in the root-level `package.json`.

The `windows` command accepts two optional flags.
- `--namepace` - The namespace that will be used in the generated native C# code. Default value is `name`.
- `--windowsVersion` - The version of `react-native-windows` that will be used. Default value is matches the major and minor version of `react-native` if installed, otherwise the latest version.

### React Native 0.27.* -> 0.30.*

For versions of react-native prior to 0.31.0, you'll need to use the [rnpm](http://github.com/rnpm/rnpm) global CLI to run the `windows` command. Since the RNPM plugin syntax for the react-native CLI is not backward compatibile with rnpm, you'll need to use an older version of `rnpm-plugin-windows`:

```
npm install --save-dev rnpm-plugin-windows@0.1.*
```

## Running React Windows Applications

Coming soon.
